# Blackjack-Game-Assignment
The goal of this project was to create a playable game of blackjack. The dealer is given logic that they have to draw another card if their current score is under 16 then the dealer must draw another card as per standard dealing rules in blackjack. The user has the decision to hit or stay at which point the user can either hit or stay if they hit, or the dealer logic comes into play where the deal keeps drawing until score is > 15 or the dealer score goes above 21 and busts. If the user has a equivalent of higher score than the dealer or the dealer has score greater than 21 then the user wins. The dealer wins if he has a higher score or if the user busts. Also included in the program is logic for the user if the user decides to simulate 1000 games. In this case there is separate logic for the user being simulated which will decide whether to hit or stay against the dealer.
The project is in an html document and can be played on an internet browser. It includes a folder of the cards in a deck that can be displayed for the user. The game keeps track of user win percentage. It also displays the dealer and players hand along with an updated score for both the user and dealers hand. The user can interact with the hit/deal or stay buttons while playing. The user can also interact with the shuffle new deck button to shuffle the deck. They can also reset the stats of the game to start over or press the run 1000 button to do a simulation of 1000 blackjack games. 
